website: update OLM integration docs (#2911)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: website/content/en/docs/olm-integration/generating-a-csv.md

---
title: Generating a ClusterServiceVersion

> linkTitle: Generating ClusterServiceVersion's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
linkTitle: Generating a ClusterServiceVersion
```

`operator-sdk generate csv` is run are used to overwrite data in corresponding
CSV fields (with one exception described [below](#csv-fields)).

1. Path to the Operator manifests root directory. By default `generate csv`
extracts manifests from files in `deploy/` for the following kinds and adds
them to the CSV. Use the `--deploy-dir` flag to change this path.
    * Roles: `deploy/role.yaml`
    * ClusterRoles: `deploy/cluster_role.yaml`
    * Deployments: `deploy/operator.yaml`

> 1. Path to a directory containing CustomResourceDefinition's (CRD's) and Custom Resource examples (CR's).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Path to a directory containing CustomResourceDefinitions (CRDs) and Custom Resource examples (CRs).
```
